- [chuckling]
[laughing hysterically]
I'M MELTING!
- FRANK?
FRANK?
- OH, MY GOD, WE'RE TOO LATE.
HE'S OUT OF HIS CONE!
- NO!
[sobbing]
[whimsical music]
- HI, LET ME GET TWO TICKETS
TO THIS PLACE,
ONE FOR ME AND A SECOND ONE
JUST IN CASE
I LOSE THE FIRST ONE.
- THIS IS BY RESERVATION.
- OKAY, SO RESURRECT ME
A TICKET OR SOMETHING.
I DON'T KNOW.
- I CANNOT LET A RHINO
INTO THE CEREMONY.
- [yelps]
OH, YOU'RE ONE
OF THE RACIST PEOPLE.
I THINK I HEARD ABOUT YOU
ON THE TELEVISION SET.
- I AM NOT A RACIST.
- THEN LET ME IN.
- NO.
- YOU RACIST HONKY.
HOW ABOUT NOW?
- NO.
- OKAY, HOW ABOUT NOW?
- [deep voice]
HOW ABOUT NOW?
- NO.
- [growling]
- COME ON.
- SIR, YOU ARE A RHINO.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- I'M GONNA  ANGRY BIRD
THIS JOINT.
- WHERE DID YOU GET THAT?
[cell phone vibrating]
- HEY, SWEETIE.
- BABY, I AM SO SICK
RIGHT NOW.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
I THINK I GOT THE BIRD FLU
OR H1N1 ANTHRAX OR SOMETHING.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON.
- I'M SURE IT'S FINE.
- I CAN FEEL IT.
I'M DYING.
AND I WAS GONNA DO SO MUCH.
I WANTED TO BE THE FIRST
FAMOUS BLACK BALLERINA.
I NEED YOU TO COME AND SAVE ME
WITH YOUR WHITE POWERS.
[phone rings]
- HONEY, JUST HOLD ON
ONE SECOND.
- YOU DON'T PUT ME ON HOLD--
- THIS IS TRIPTANK.
- WELL, I LIKE REAL TELEVISION!
SO MAYBE WHEN YOU GROW A PAIR,
YOU CALL ME BACK AND I'LL WATCH
YOUR NEXT [bleep] DISASTER.
- HOLD, PLEASE.
- [continues yelling]
- I AM LOSING MY LIFE!
THIS SHIT'S NOT FUNNY.
ARE YOU GIGGLING, MOTHER[bleep]?
- THAT WOMAN HAS BEAT YOU DOWN
TO A SOGGY-ASS WET NOODLE.
MAYBE TRY EATING SOME BARBECUE
AND DRINK A BEER,
AND THEN YOU'LL GROW A SACK,
YOU LITTLE TIT BABY.
[heavy metal music]
- ♪ THE LAST DEAD UNICORN ♪
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- [screams]
[news theme music]
- WE'RE HEARING
THAT THE FIRST MINER
IS ABOUT TO BE PULLED UP.
- [clucking]
- [gasps]
IT APPEARS WE HAVE
A LITTLE VISITOR.
[chuckles]
JUST ZOOM IN ON THAT.
- EXCUSE ME?
AREN'T YOU GOING
TO INTERVIEW ME?
WHY ARE YOU FILMING
THIS DISGUSTING CHICKEN?
- [sobbing]
- HE'S GONNA KILL HIMSELF!
- [gasps]
TAKE BACK WHAT YOU SAID
TO THE CHICKEN.
- BUT HE'S JUST A CHICKEN.
- YOU HURT
HIS LITTLE ANIMAL FEELINGS.
- [sighs]
CHICKEN,
PLEASE DO NOT POISON YOURSELF.
[all sigh in relief]
'CAUSE I AM 12 DAYS HUNGRY!
- [clucks angrily]
- IF HE FALLS IN,
HE'LL DISINTEGRATE.
- [clucking angrily]
- CHICKEN,
I AM DEEPLY SORRY.
- [clucks]
[onlookers sigh in relief]
- THAT YOU ARE AS STUPID
AS YOU LOOK.
- [clucking angrily]
[onlookers gasp]
[news theme music]
- THE BROADCAST
JUST WENT WORLDWIDE.
WE CAN NOT HAVE
A CHICKEN FRY HIMSELF
WHILE THE WORLD IS WATCHING.
[electricity sparking]
- [clucking erratically]
- SENOR CHICKEN, I AM
VERY, VERY, VERY, VERY, VERY,
VERY SORRY.
- [clucks]
- DON'T TELL YOU,
TELL THE WORLD?
I WAS STUCK IN A MINE
AND FEARED FOR MY LIFE,
BUT I AM NOT THE ONE
YOU SHOULD GRIEVE FOR.
EVERYONE SHOULD LOOK
TO SENOR CHICKEN.
HE IS THE TRUE HERO.
[all sigh in relief]
- THAT'S THE MONEY SHOT.
[tires screech]
- [clucks]
- YOU WANT TO SHAKE MY HAND?
[chuckles]
I WOULD BE HONORED.
AH, POR QUE?
- [clucks]
[clucking]
- [gasps]
HONEY!
COME QUICK!
BABY'S ABOUT TO TAKE
HIS FIRST STEPS.
- [belches]
[deep voice]
HEY.
I'M TOMMY,
AND I'M AN ALCOHOLIC.
[coughing]
[rock music]
[whimsical music]
- YES, MOST SHRIMP AND RIB
DON'T COME TOGETHER,
BUT THEY'RE DOING THEIR BEST.
AT LEAST THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID--
HE SAID--
THEY ALL SAID--
WE ALL SAID--
WITH THE SHRIMP AND A RIB.
HEY, THERE, SHRIMP. SHRIMP.
- HEY, KIDDIES,
TIME FOR VERSUS.
- VERSUS.
- EVERYBODY KNOWS
YOU GOT MY SPATS ON.
[grunts]
MM, FREE DRUG.
[tires screech]
- WELCOME, COMBATANT.
CHOOSE WEAPON:
ASSAULT RIFLE,
CHAIN SAW,
MALT LIQUOR, 40 OUNCES.
- HMM, I'M GONNA NEED
TO MAKE CHOICES NOW.
I ALWAYS MAKE GOOD CHOICES.
- CHOOSE ARMOR:
CHAIN MAIL,
KEVLAR SUIT,
BARBECUE SAUCE.
- [belches]
BARBECUE SAUCE!
[laughing]
[sputtering]
MMM, YEAH.
GOOD SAUCES.
- [clears throat]
THIS WEEK'S COMBATANTS:
DRUNK HOBO SLATHERED
IN BARBECUE SAUCE
VERSUS
SIX GORILLAS.
- HMM, CROCODILES.
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN.
BURN.
[groaning]
- UGH!
- DUDE.
- [groaning]
MM, MM-HMM.
WHEW--OH.
OH, COME ON NOW.
JUST A LITTLE BIT.
- ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
ENOUGH.
LIGHT HIM UP.
- FRISBEE.
[machine gun firing]
- [screaming]
- FRISBEE!
[gunfire]
[shouts]
I'M THE GINGERBREAD MAN!
- NO ESTA AQUI.
- FOLLOW THE TRAIL OF SWEET,
SAVORY, HICKORY BARBECUE SAUCE.
- TIPTOE, TIPTOE, TIPTOE.
- ADONDE VA?
[ropes creaking]
- [yells]
- THIS IS THE END OF ME.
- SNEAKY LIKE A NINJA.
- A LOG?
[grunting]
- [grunting]
- [babbling]
[blades whirring]
[both grunting]
- YOU GO AHEAD, SIR.
I'VE GOT THIS.
BURY THE FEAR INSIDE.
BURY THE FEAR
INSIDE.
[wails]
- [panting]
[grunts]
POR FAVOR,
DON'T KILL ME.
[sniffing]
YOU SMELL ENCHANTING.
[romantic ballad]
[purrs]
- I FINALLY KNOW LOVE.
- ♪ I WANT TO BELIEVE ♪
♪ THAT WE CAN LAST FOREVER ♪
- I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING.
WINNER: LOVE.
- ♪ I WANT TO BELIEVE ♪
♪ THAT WE CAN LA-- ♪
- SO HOW'S THE NEW GUY, HUH?
- [rapidly babbling]
- IS HIS HORN BIGGER THAN MINE?
- SIR, GET OFF OF THE SIDEWALK,
PLEASE.
- I'M TALKING
TO MY EX-GIRLFRIEND.
DO YOU MIND?
ANYWAY, MY PARENTS ARE GONNA BE
OUT OF TOWN THIS WEEKEND
IF YOU WANT TO COME BY,
YOU KNOW--
[dial tone]
HELLO? HELLO?
SHE HUNG UP.
NEVER DATE A CARIBBEAN WOMAN.
THEY'LL RIP YOUR HEART OUT
AND COOK IT WITH CURRY,
LET ME TELL YOU.
- WHOA, HEY, HEY,
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
HEY!
[electronic music]
[victorious music]
♪ ♪
- LOOK AT THAT ASSHOLE, GARY.
JUST SITTING THERE,
READING HIS MENU LIKE A JERK.
- YEAH, WHO DOES HE THINK HE IS,
THE KING OF FRANCE?
READING A MENU.
- WE'RE GONNA PRANK THAT IDIOT
SO HARD
HE'LL PEE-PEE HIS PANTS.
- OH, YES.
REVENGE WILL BE OURS.
- I STILL DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY I HAVE TO BE THE WAITER.
- WH--DUDE,
YOU'RE A NATURAL WAITER.
- YEAH,
YOU'VE GOT A SERVANT'S FACE.
- I DON'T KNOW IF THAT'S TRUE.
- THE FIRST TIME I MET YOU,
I TRIED TO ORDER SOME POPPERS.
- DO WE REALLY EVEN NEED
A WAITER?
- WE'VE GONE OVER THIS
100 TIMES.
WE HAVE
A FINELY TUNED REVENGE PLAN
THAT INVOLVES A WAITER.
- WE NEED A STUPID WAITER.
YOU'RE THE STUPID WAITER.
IT'S DONE.
- I GUESS I'M NOT SURE
HOW THIS IS EVEN A PRANK.
I STILL SAY SIMPLY THROWING
A GLASS OF WATER
IN HIS FACE--
- HE DOESN'T GET IT.
- YEAH, HE'S NOT GONNA GET IT.
THERE'S NOTHING GOING ON
BEHIND THOSE EYES.
- DO YOU HAVE YOUR FAKE MUSTACHE
OR NOT?
- DANA,
DOES THIS ANSWER YOUR QUESTION?
- CONGRATULATIONS.
ALL RIGHT, REVENGE TIME.
LET'S ROLL.
- EXCUSE ME.
MAY I TAKE YOUR ORDER, PLEASE?
- OH, HELLO.
YES, THANK YOU.
I AM READY TO ORDER.
I WILL HAVE THE EGG--
- [yells]
ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY,
THIS IS A ROBBERY.
- DUDE, THAT WAS MY LINE.
- YOU WERE TERRIBLE
IN REHEARSAL.
EVERYONE GET YOUR HANDS
IN THE AIR,
AND THEN GET YOUR MONEY
INTO YOUR HANDS
THAT ARE IN THE HANDS
IN THE AIR!
- RIGHT,
AND I WAS BAD IN REHEARSAL.
- JUST PUT EVERYTHING
IN THE AIR!
- I'M TAKING A HOSTAGE.
UH, YOU!
TUBBO! STAND UP!
- NO, PLEASE.
- STUPID WAITER, GIVE ME
ALL THE MONEY IN THE REGISTER,
OR WE WILL SHOOT THIS FAT,
WORTHLESS SACK OF CRAP.
- OH, PLEASE, NO.
- I GOT AN ITCHY TRIGGER FINGER.
- I'M SORRY.
I'M TOO STUPID
TO OPERATE THE REGISTER.
- WHAT?
COME ON, MAN, PLEASE.
- FINE, THEN JUST GIVE ME
ALL THE MONEY IN YOUR POCKETS,
OR I'M GONNA PAINT THE WALLS
WITH THIS GUY'S SKULL
AND HIS BRAINS
AND HIS STUPID HAIR.
- ALL I'VE GOT IS $3.25,
BUT I NEED IT FOR THE BUS.
- PLEASE JUST GIVE HIM
THE MONEY.
- WHOA!
SO WHAT YOU'RE SAYING
IS THAT
THIS DISGUSTING SLOB'S LIFE
IS NOT EVEN WORTH $3.25?
- NO, I DON'T THINK IT IS.
- WHAT?
- OKAY, FINE.
THEN I'M GONNA KILL HIM.
- PLEASE,
I HAVE A WIFE AND KIDS.
- GET READY TO DIE, DUMMY!
- [sobbing]
- HA!
GARY PISSED HIS PANTS!
TOTALLY CALLED IT.
- WHAT?
HOW DO YOU KNOW MY NAME?
- BECAUSE IT'S US, YOU JERK.
[both laugh]
- DANA? ANDY?
WHAT ARE YOU--
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE?
- JUST YOUR CLASSIC
"FAKE STICKUP IN A COFFEE SHOP,
MAKE A GUY PISS HIS PANTS
IN PUBLIC" REVENGE PRANK!
- SUCK IT, GARY!
WHOO!
[bells jingle]
[tires screech]
WHOO!
- WOW.
WHAT A FANTASTIC PLAN.
- VERY REALISTIC. I WAS SCARED.
- ME TOO.
I MEAN, I DIDN'T PISS MY PANTS
LIKE THAT UGLY LOSER, BUT...
- AND I'VE NEVER SEEN
SUCH A STUPID WAITER.
- ♪ SUCK IT, GARY ♪
[phone rings]
- TRIPTANK.
- HI.
I JUST WANTED TO CALL
AND LET YOU KNOW
THAT ME AND ALL MY FRIENDS
HATE YOUR SHOW.
- HOLD, PLEASE.
- DON'T GIVE ME
A HUNK OF BOLOGNA
AND TELL ME
IT'S A FILET MIGNON.
I'M JUST KIDDING.
I'D LOVE TO BE ON THE SHOW.
[cell phone vibrating]
- HOLD, PLEASE.
- YOU DON'T PUT ME ON HOLD.
I'M DYING.
I'M GONNA COME BACK
FROM THE DEAD,
AND I'M GONNA HAUNT
YOUR SORRY ASS.
[phone rings]
- SORRY.
ROY, CAN YOU HANDLE THESE CALLS?
JUST PUT THEM ON HOLD.
- I GOT IT, MAN.
I SEEN YOU DO IT 1,000 TIMES.
I GOT THIS UNDER CONTROL.
TRIPTANK STUDIOS,
R.W. SPEAKING.
- I'VE BEEN JERKING OFF
ALL DAY,
AND I'M ALL, LIKE,
RAW AND SAD,
AND I DIDN'T GET ANY WISHES
OR ANYTHING.
- I CAN'T HELP YOU WITH SHIT.
YOU'RE A THUMB-SUCKING
LITTLE SISSY.
YOU'RE ON HOLD.
[phone ringing]
- IT IS ABSOLUTELY
THE WORST THING
WE'VE EVER SEEN ON TELEVISION.
- GOT TO DIP IN.
HOLD ON.
- I DON'T KNOW.
BE A CROSSING GUARD.
- TRANSFERRING TO LINE FIVE.
[phone rings]
TRIPTANK STUDIOS.
PUT SOME ICE ON IT.
YOU'RE GOING ON HOLD.
- SO YOU GONNA LET ME IN
OR WHAT?
- NO.
[gun cocks]
- ALL RIGHT, LISTEN UP,
EVERYBODY.
I BETTER GET SOME WINE
RIGHT NOW,
OR I'M GONNA
BLOW THIS GUY'S BRAINS OUT.
[all babbling]
- OKAY, GET ME SOME WINE,
OR I'LL KILL MYSELF.
- OH, DEAR LORD!
- [screams]
- THAT ENDANGERED RHINO
IS GOING TO KILL HIMSELF!
- SOMEONE GET HIM SOME WINE.
- NOW, THIS IS MORE LIKE IT.
I CAN FINALLY GET MY DRINK ON.
[glass shatters]
CRAP.
[upbeat tune]
[school bell rings]
- I'VE WAITED ALL SUMMER
TO FINALLY SEE HER AGAIN.
[sighs]
LILLY.
- [giggling]
- OH!
WOW.
WHAT ARE THOSE?
- HI, BILLY.
FUN AND NEW.
YOU WANT TO COME OUT
AND PLAY WITH US?
- BOOBS.
BOOBS.
BOOBS!
- I'M BACK!
- OH, GOD.
IF WALLS COULD HAVE BABIES,
THIS WOULD BE CHINA.
DUDE, WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?
- LILLY'S NEW BOOBS!
- WHAT WERE THEY?
WERE THEY, LIKE, "BEE STINGS"
OR WERE THEY, LIKE,
FULL-ON WATERMELONS?
- I WANT TO SEE HER BOOBS.
NO, I WANT TO SEE ALL BOOBS.
NO, I WISH I COULD SEE
ALL BOOBS ALL THE TIME!
- JIZZAM!
[ethereal music]
- WE'RE PERKY.
- WE'RE BOUNCY.
- WE'RE SUSPICIOUSLY
SYMMETRICAL.
- THIS IS THE BEST DAY
OF MY LIFE!
NOTHING CAN RUIN THIS!
- BILLY, YOU FORGOT YOUR LUNCH.
- NO!
- [laughing wickedly]
BILLY, REMEMBER
WHEN WE USED TO FEED YOU?
[slurping]
DID I TELL YOU
I GOT NIP RINGS?
- [moaning]
- [chuckling]
I KNOW.
HOW 'BOUT THAT?
- [yelling]
- DON'T FORGET
TO DRINK YOUR MILK.
- WHEN BOOBS HAVE LOST
THEIR MAGIC,
HOW IS LIFE WORTH LIVING?
- OH, IT ISN'T.
THAT'S WHY I'D LIKE
TO INTRODUCE YOU
TO INTERNET PORN...
[shimmering tone]
WHERE THE COMBINATIONS
OF BODY PARTS AND HOLES
AND PENISES ARE AS LIMITLESS
AS YOUR IMAGINATION.
- [grunting]
[moaning]
[groans]
I CAN'T FEEL ANYTHING
ANYMORE.
- BUT AWESOME BOOBS, RIGHT?
- I DON'T WANT
TO LIVE THIS WAY.
I WISH I WEREN'T
SO DESENSITIZED.
- JIZZAM.
- [sobbing]
- LILLY?
WHAT'S WRONG?
- ALL THE BOYS WON'T STOP
STARING AT MY BOOBS.
- BUT YOU'RE MORE
THAN JUST YOUR LOOKS.
YOU'RE SMART AND COOL AND--
- AND THE A.C.'S
ON FULL BLAST.
- BOOBS!
- [sighs]
I LOVE THE INTERNET.
[whimsical tune]
[rock music]
[cell phone rings]
HOLD ON, DOG.
I GOT TO TAKE THIS.
HOLD ON.
WHAT THE [bleep]?
- I CAN'T STOP SHAKING.
MY WHOLE LIFE FLASHED,
JUST LIKE IN THE MOVIES.
- WOULD YOU LIKE
A GLASS OF WATER
TO CALM YOUR NERVES, SIR?
- OH, YES, PLEASE.
THANK YOU.
- HA, HA!
- MATT?
- SUCK IT, GARY.
WHOO!
[tires screech]
- SUCK IT, GARY!
WHOO!
[applause]
- AMAZING.
- OH, THEY GOT HIM AGAIN.
- FANTASTIC.
- ♪ SUCK IT, GARY ♪
- BUT MOM SAID THAT
WHEN A MAN AND A WOMEN
PUTS THEIR PARTS TOGETHER,
IT MEANS THEY WANT A BABY.
SO CAN I TRY THAT?
- TRANSFERRING TO LINE FIVE.
[phone rings]
TRIPTANK STUDIOS.
- I DON'T KNOW
WHAT KIND OF [bleep] CLOWN TOWN
YOU ALL LIVE IN.
- I WAS ABOUT TO PUT
MY WEINER IN THE VACUUM.
- YOU HAVE NO FUTURE.
- IT'S SO BAD, IT MAKES US
WANT TO GOUGE OUR EYES OUT.
[all callers talking]
- WHAT DID YOU JUST DO?
- I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT, MAN.
THERE'S NO PROBLEMS HERE.
- DO YOU LIKE ORANGE?
- GET A [bleep] LIFE!
- I HATE YOU!
[all callers talking]
- YOU KNOW ME.
I'M MR.
THERE'S-GOT-TO-BE-A-BETTER-WAY.
I'VE MADE BILLIONS
FINDING PROBLEMS
AND SELLING SOLUTIONS,
SO I STARTED THIS CHARITY.
NOW I SOLVE
THE WORLD'S PROBLEMS,
THE BIGGER, THE BETTER.
- [clears throat]
UH, MAYBE I COULD HELP TOO.
- YEAH, I DON'T THINK SO.
YOU'RE JUST A JANITOR.
- TRUE, I MAY BE
A LOWLY JANITOR, BUT--
- YOU'RE A TEMP. YOU'RE NOT--
- YEAH, YEAH.
- "TEMP" JANITOR.
THAT'S RIGHT.
BUT KEEP IN MIND,
I HAVE TWO DEGREES:
A MASTER'S
IN COMPLEX MATH PROBLEMS
AND A DOCTORATE IN THE TOUGHEST
CHEMISTRY THERE IS, SO...
- RIGHT, I SEE THAT.
- FRAMED.
GREAT, WELL,
I CAN'T WAIT TO GET STARTED.
SO DOES ANYONE
HAVE A PROBLEM HERE?
- WHEN I WAS FLIPPING THROUGH
MY FAVORITE MAGAZINE
THIS MORNING,
CIGAR CHOMPER...
MMM, THAT'S A YUMMY CIGAR.
YES, THAT'S ME ON THE COVER.
- VERY HANDSOME.
- LOOK INSIDE HERE.
I SAW THIS PHOTO
OF A STARVING CHILD.
- OH.
- LOOK AT THIS KID.
LOOK AT HIM!
- YEAH, I DON'T GET IT.
THERE'S ALL THIS FOOD,
BUT NOT EVERYONE
IS GETTING TO EAT.
THERE'S GOT TO BE
A BETTER WAY.
- WELL, YOU GUYS ARE ALL EATING,
SO YOU FIGURED SOMETHING OUT.
MARILYN,
WHAT ARE YOU CHOMPING ON?
- OH, I'M ON THIS SPECIAL DIET
BECAUSE IT'S MY TIME
OF THE MONTH.
NO PUN INTENDED.
AND I'M EATING A--
- THERE WAS NO PUN THERE.
- THAT'S NOT A PUN.
- I DIDN'T GET A PUN.
- I'M EATING A VAGINATION
VAGINA MONOLOGUES ENERGY BAR,
AND IT IS AWESOME.
- JACK, WHAT DO YOU GOT IN--
SLOPPING IN YOUR MOUTH
OVER THERE?
- UM, THIS IS A--
IT'S WHAT THEY CALL
A BURGY-BURGY CHICK BURGER.
IT'S A CHICKEN BURGER WITH
TWO BEEF BURGERS AS THE BUN.
SO IT'S--IT'S GOOD.
- DOES IT FILL YOU UP?
- YOU KNOW WHAT,
IT DOESN'T DO THE TRICK, BUT--
- YOU NEED TO TOP IT OFF.
- YEAH, I TOP IT OFF WITH RANCH
AND THEN SOME--
- IS THAT WHAT THAT BUCKET IS?
- YEAH, A BUCKET OF RANCH.
- YOU'RE NOT CLEANING.
- NO, IT'S JUST A BUCKET
OF RANCH I USE--
- WHY ARE YOU DIPPING
YOUR MOP INTO IT?
- IT'S A TO-GO MOP.
[chomps]
[slurping]
- WAIT, MARTIN,
WHAT HAVE YOU GOT THERE?
- OH, I HAVE THE MEATY MEAT
SUPER BURRITO FROM TACO YUMS.
- WELL, HOW MUCH WAS IT?
IT'S HUGE.
- IT'S ACTUALLY ONLY 20--
22¢.
IT IS BIG, BUT I TEND TO EAT IT
FOR THE ENTIRE WEEK.
- HEY, GUYS,
I JUST GOT A BRAINSTORM.
WHY DON'T WE PAY
THE TACO YUM CORPORATION
TO BUILD
A MASSIVE SUPER-BURRITO,
THE BIGGEST BURRITO EVER MADE?
- [mouth full]
SOUNDS LIKE A PLAN.
- BUT IF WE'RE GONNA BUILD
A BURRITO THIS LARGE,
WHERE ARE WE GONNA BUILD IT?
- THE GRAND CANYON.
COOL WATER KEEPS THE LETTUCE
COOL ON THE BOTTOM.
HOT SUN KEEPS THE MEAT
AND CHEESE HOT ON TOP.
IT'S A LARGE ENOUGH AREA.
COULD GET 1/4 MILE OF BEANS,
1/4 MILE OF CHEESE,
1/4 MILE OF MEAT,
1/4 MILE OF LETTUCE AND SALSA,
ALL WRAPPED INTO A 25-MILE ROUND
SUPER-TORTILLA
THAT WOULD BE THE ENVY
OF OLD MEXICO.
NEW MEXICO TOO,
NOW THAT I THINK ABOUT IT.
THE ENVY OF ALL OF MEXICO.
- [grumbles]
HOW DARE THEY?
- YEAH, IT AIN'T RIGHT.
WE'RE THE ONES
THAT MAKE TORTILLAS, NOT THEM.
- PEOPLE COULD EAT
IN TWO-MONTH INCREMENTS,
FATTEN UP.
IT COULD TAKE WEEKS
TO GET THROUGH THE BEANS
TO THE MEAT
AND WEEKS MORE TO GET
THROUGH THE MEAT TO THE CHEESE.
- WHOO-HOO!
I STRUCK CHEESE!
- OKAY, GANG,
SHOULD THE HOT SAUCE
BE SUPER FIERY HOT
OR SUPER MILD?
- I MIGHT--
IF I NEED TO TAKE MY TOP OFF
TO HELP ME THINK BETTER,
IT COULD HAPPEN.
- WE NEED SOLUTIONS.
- GET THOSE FOREST FIRE
WATER DUMPER AIRPLANES
TO FLY OVERHEAD
AND DUMP SAUCE
DEPENDING ON THE COLOR
OF THE FLAGS BEING FLOWN.
- [screams]
HOTSY-TOTSY!
- OH, WOW.
- WHY ARE WE HERE AGAIN?
- WHAT ABOUT THE DIARRHEA?
- IT KEEPS YOU THIN.
- [chuckles]
YOU GOT TO LOOK
AT THE BRIGHT SIDE.
- HEY, MAYBE PEOPLE COULD SHARE
A GIANT TOILET.
- RIGHT, BUT YOU'D NEED
A BIG SEWAGE PIPE.
- THE MIGHTY MISSISSIPPI.
- THE MISSISSIPP!
- WASTE WOULD FLOW
DOWN TO NEW ORLEANS.
- HE IS A JANITOR.
- I THINK WE JUST
SOLVED THE PROBLEM
OF HOMEGROWN HUNGER.
- WE DID IT!
- THANKS, JACK.
- OH, NO PROBLEM.
- YOU GONNA FINISH
ALL THAT RANCH?
- UH, IF YOU DON'T MIND,
I WOULD JUST LIKE TO SIT HERE
AND EAT THE REST OF--
[slurping]
- OH, JACK.
- HERE'S YOUR CLUB SANDWICH,
SIR.
- THANKS.
YEP, THAT IS
A SHIT SANDWICH.
[tires screech]
- SUCK IT, GARY!
WHOO!
- WOW, POOP-FILLED SANDWICH.
- I MEAN, THEY HAD TO HAVE
SET THAT UP YESTERDAY.
- AMAZING.
- HERE'S THE CHECK.
I ALREADY ADDED 20%.
- ♪ SUCK IT, GARY ♪
[rock music]
[whimsical music]
[victorious music]
♪ ♪
- WHOA, THAT WAS GREAT.
WHAT A RUSH!
- THAT WENT PERFECTLY.
- I LITERALLY HAVE NEVER FELT
MORE ALIVE.
- YEAH, I MEAN, YOU GUYS WERE
STEPPING ALL OVER MY LINES,
BUT IT WAS--
- CLASSIC REVENGE, RIGHT?
- HEY, IS IT WEIRD
THAT I PEED MY PANTS
WHEN GARY PEED HIS PANTS?
- NO, I KIND OF PEED
MY PANTS TOO.
- AS DID I.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT SON OF A BITCH GARY
MADE US PEE OUR PANTS!
- OH, WHAT A JERK!
- HATE THAT GUY!
- WE HAVE TO GET
THAT ASSHOLE BACK.
GARY, YOU ARE GOING
TO SUCK IT.
YOU ARE GOING
TO SUCK IT HARD!
- SUCK IT!
both:
SUCK IT, SUCK IT, SUCK IT!
- COME ON.
DO IT WITH ME, GUYS.
all: SUCK IT, SUCK IT,
SUCK IT, SUCK IT!
- SUCK IT, GARY! WHOO!
- ♪ SUCK IT, GARY ♪
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- [gulps]
- [sighs] IT JUST DOESN'T DO IT
FOR ME ANYMORE, DARLING.
- DO YOU WANT ME TO CALL
MY SISTER INSTEAD?
- YES, I DO.
[cell phone vibrates]
- HEY, BEN.
PHONE'S RINGING, BRO.
- AHH, SERENITY.
[cell phone vibrates]
- HEY, BABE.
TURNS OUT I'M NOT DYING.
I THINK IT WAS JUST GAS.
- ALL RIGHT.
- WHAT YOU WANT TO EAT
FOR DINNER TONIGHT?
[phone rings]
I WAS THINKING
MAYBE SOME MEXICAN FOOD
OR SOME CHINESE FOOD OR
SOME REGULAR WHITE PEOPLE FOOD.
I COULD COOK IT UP FOR YOU,
OR WE CAN GO OUT--
WHATEVER YOU WANT.
- OOH, WHAT ABOUT MY WIENER
IN A BALLOON
FILLED WITH JELL-O?
- OOH, BABY.
YOU'D LIKE THAT, HUH?
[whimsical music]
- [roaring]
[heavy metal music]
♪ ♪
- NO.